Doctor, how is my mother?
Your mother is an old mathematician
It has been temporarily rescued.
That would be fine.
120,000 the cost of the surgery and hospital stay
12.
Doctor, I will definitely find a way to get the money.
You must save my mother
Our college's triennial dance competition
About to start
Students are welcome to sign up
Mr. Guo, why did you come here in person?
I'm here to accompany Xiaoxiao to sign up
By the way, let's see the situation of my sister-in-law
Thanks to four sponsorships
We can only upgrade this competition to a national competition
Sister Xiaoxiao
I heard that this dance competition was sponsored by your godmother
First place gets 200,000 bonus
You can also sign a contract with Lu's Mingxia company
Of course, I won the championship.
I also hope to pass this competition
Is it true that Mr. Zhang's first prize is 200,000?
Yes.
You enter the competition
Just for the money
Wood star competition
How can I get first place?
Mu Xinxin, you usually forget about losing money
This competition
But my godmother likes it to encourage young dancers
help
For someone like you with a mouth full of money, would you guess?
Teacher Zhang
I am the sponsor of the competition
And the identity of the college's honorary campus
This kind of play is not allowed in the competition
Yes, yes!
Why are people like you who only care about money not qualified?
Why are you not qualified to take the first place with your strength?
My mom is a sponsor
If you say you won't be allowed to participate, you won't be allowed to participate
Are you so afraid that I will steal Ling Xiaoxiao's limelight?
I'd like to see it
How did you get this first?